Update trusted_networks (#8874)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_components/http.markdown

  type: string, list
trusted_networks:
  description: "List of trusted networks, consisting of IP addresses or networks, that are allowed to bypass password protection when accessing Home Assistant.  If using a reverse proxy with the `use_x_forwarded_for` and `trusted_proxies` options enabled, requests proxied to Home Assistant with a trusted `X-Forwarded-For` header will appear to come from the IP given in that header instead of the proxy IP."

>   Configuring trusted_networks via the `http` component will be deprecated and moved to `auth_providers` instead. For instructions, see https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/authentication/providers/#trusted-networks. To avoid the warning message in Home Assistant 0.89 place the trusted network under both `http` and `auth_providers`.

Reviewer: Put in both place won't avoid the warning. The function will broke if `http` part is missing.
```suggestion
  Configuring trusted_networks via the `http` component will be deprecated and moved to `auth_providers` instead. For instructions, see https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/authentication/providers/#trusted-networks. In Home Assistant 0.89.0 and 0.89.1, you need place the trusted network under both `http` and `auth_providers` if you still want to use trusted networks features. You can remove it from `http` section starting from 0.89.2
```

Author: I currently have the trusted networks only placed in `http` and it's still working fine.

Reviewer: Yes, only if you don't have `auth_provider` at all. We will add a trusted_networks auth provider for you with the trusted_networks configured from `http` section.

Reviewer 2: Why not placing this in a HTML note?
